(Roboppi)
I'm in trouble.
Gore Gal and Shepherd
have the three strongest
monsters in play!
And by the look in their eyes,
they're not done!
Get ready!
I activate
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL's
special ability!
It lets me revive SCUD DRONE
from the graveyard!
And doing so triggers
SCUD DRONE's ability as well!
When a DRONE resummons it
from the graveyard,
I'm allowed to draw
one card from my deck.
Next, I place one card
facedown on my field.
Then I activate
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL's
second ability,
allowing SCUD DRONE
to attack you directly.
And that... is exactly
what it's going to do!
(grunts)
Next up,
I can use BATTLEDRONE GENERAL's
third ability
to tribute SCUD DRONE
and deal you damage equal
to its attack points!
Aah!
(explosion)
♪♪♪
Just great, now those two have
more life points than me!
I really gotta start
to work harder!
(Pandoll)
Hmm.
Most impressive, Ghost Gal.
It seems you've skillfully
used your partner's cards
to maximum efficiency.
Thanks, hon.
But let's not get
ahead of ourselves
cuz there's still
plenty of duel to go.
As for my next move...
Hmmm.
Kay...
ALTERGEIST HEXSTIA,
attack VACCULEPHANT!
My CELTOPUS's special ability
gives VACCULEPHANT
2000 attack points
to raise it to 3000!
I see.
But my HEXSTIA still has more
attack points than your monster.
Yeahhhh it does.
For now.
But I can still use
my PROPELION!
Its special ability cuts
your attack points in half,
making it weaker than mine!
Suck up her attack
and blow it back!
(grunts)
(laughs)
I did it!
I destroyed your monster!
(grunts)
Not bad, Roboppi.
(The Shepherd)
Don't praise that program.
Are you going to let that thing
make a mockery out of us?
Chill out, Kenneth.
When HEXSTIA is destroyed&
I can add ALTERGEIST KUNQUERY
to my hand.
And I'm going to use
your monster again.
Humph.
I tribute my brother's GENERAL
to activate
MEMORYGANT's ability!
She gains all of GENERAL's
attack points.
Say whaaaaa?
5200?
Attack APPLIANCER VACCULEPHANT!
CELTOPUS, let's go!
Charge up its attack points!
3000 attack points
are pretty high,
but it's still less
than my MEMORYGANT's 5200.
Go! Eternal Nightmare!
They took the life point lead!
Ghost Gal's brought her A-game!
It's not just her.
It's them.
Since Shepherd and Ghost Gal
trust each other so much,
their combined skill is greater
than the sum of their parts.
Now MEMORYGANT's
special ability activates!
When it destroys
a monster in battle,
its ability destroys a second
monster on your field.
So say bye-bye
to your PROPELION!
(grunts)
And now I can go
and attack your CELTOPUS.
(gasps)
Hold up, but you don't
have any monsters left
to attack with,
Ghost Gal.
That's where
you're wrong.
Ah?
(Ghost Gal)
When MEMORYGANT's
special ability
destroys a monster,
it's allowed to attack
for a second time.
Whaat?
That move should be illegal!
Take it up
with the judges later.
But for now, this duel is over.
Nice playing with you.
(grunts)
MEMORYGANT! Attack!
Eternal nightmare!
As long as I still have
a single life point
I'm not giving up!
I activate APPLIANCER
BREAKERBUNCLE's ability
from my hand!
By sending this card
to the graveyard,
CELTOPUS can't be destroyed,
and I take no damage
from your attack!
(gasps)
It survived.
Yup. And all I can
do now is end my turn.
(laughs)
I'm still alive!
Roboppi is so cool!
Pew, pew, pew!
Who's the coolest of them all?
Since you only have
200 life points
and 0 cards in your hand,
I do not believe this
level of celebration
matches your status
in this duel.
(sighs)
You're right.
But ya see...
the next card I draw
could be the key
to turning this whole
duel around in my favor...
The next card I draw
could be the key
to turning this whole
duel around in my favor...
And that means
all I gotta do is believe!
Mmm hyah!
Oh yeah!
I activate the spell
APPLIANCER TEST!
As long as I can co-link them
with the monster
in my Extra Monster Zone,
I get to resummon
as many Link 1 APPLIANCERS
from my graveyard
as I want,
but their attack points
drop to 0
and they're banished
at the end of the turn.
So come on back,
APPLIANCERS VACCULEPHANT
and PROPELION!
Then I'll I use PROPELION...
to Plug-In my circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 APPLIANCER
LAUNDRY DRAGON!
It summoned a new
Link Monster...
I have a bad feeling
about this.
Then your feelings
are right on the money.
Cuz my VACCULEPHANT's
ability
activates!
When it's co-linked,
it destroys
one of your monsters.
Later, MEMORYGANT!
Sorry, but no!
I can protect MEMORYGANT
by banishing BATTLEDRONE GENERAL
from the graveyard!
Well if that doesn't work,
I'll just attack
with my LAUNDRY DRAGON instead!
LAUNDRY DRAGON has fewer
attack points than MEMORYGANT.
C'mon now,
you know attack points
aren't everything.
When LAUNDRY DRAGON
is co-linked,
we both don't take
any damage in this battle,
but your monster
will be banished
and mine stays
safe and sound!
You annoy me.
(Roboppi)
Then I must be doing
something right!
No, you're not.
Because I can activate
ALTERGEIST KUNQUERY's ability
to summon her from my hand,
to negate
LAUNDRY DRAGON's attack
and special abilities!
(grunts)
I'm gonna find a way to get
rid of that MEMORYGANT
whether you like it or not!
I activate
APPLIANCER... CONVERSION!
With this spell,
I can banish
all Link 1 APPLIANCERS
in my Main Monster Zone
and then summon them right back.
Curious.
You can sure say that again.
Why would ya get rid
of all those monsters
if you're just gonna
bring them back
the same as before?
(The Shepherd)
Cuz it's not the same.
Look carefully at its field.
Notice any differences?
Hey, you're right.
He summoned them
to different zones on his field
so that they're no longer
co-linked to CELTOPUS.
But why would he do that?
His APPLIANCERS all power up
when they're co-linked.
Mm-hmm.
That is totally, totally true.
But what you didn't know
is that my APPLIANCERS have
a different set of abilities
when they're not co-linked!
(gasping)
Check out my VACCULEPHANT.
When it's not co-linked,
it can swap out its attachments
and attack
your life points directly!
(grunts)
Next, LAUNDRY DRAGON
attacks your MEMORYGANT!
(Pandoll)
Ghost Gal, since we do not know
what that monster is capable of,
I recommend using
your Skill just in case.
Okay.
Sounds like the right move.
Get set, Roboppi,
I'm using my Skill, Secret Cure!
We both gain life points
equal to the attack points
of the monster I draw!
Okay!
Here I go!
I drew ALTERGEIST MARIONETTER.
So we both get
1600 life points.
I gotta admit
that was a smart move.
But I also gotta admit
that it's not gonna be
good enough to save ya!
LAUNDRY DRAGON's
special ability activates!
When it's not co-linked,
I don't take any damage
during battle.
But the monster
it fights against
will automatically be destroyed,
and you take damage equal
to its attack points.
No!
You don't have
enough life points
to survive this!
Yup, that's correct!
She's all washed up!
(laughs)
Not only do I finally
get rid of MEMORYGANT,
I finally get rid of you too!
(gasps)
(The Shepherd)
Watch out!
Kenneth why...
I... just didn't think
it was right
for you to take the hit.
Oh Kenneth, thank you.
I love you too.
Emma...
Kenneth...
Aww, that ending was
so beautiful and dramatic!
Well, off to my next duel!
No!
Emma and The Shepherd lost!
They're gone.
This can't be.
I have even more bad news.
Ai defeated Faust
and Spectre too!
The only one left
in their squad is Gore.
Guys, ditch those clones
and go help him out!
We'd love to.
But can't.
(Ai)
That's right.
You're not allowed to leave
until you defeat us first.
And every second that ticks away
is one you won't be
getting back.
You might've taken out
those tenderloins, pork chop!
But I'm gonna stop you!
You're just the duelist&
I hoped to run into.
Out of everyone...
you're truly the one
I wanted to duel.
Cuz that means I finally
can get revenge
for what you
did to Earth.
If you didn't capture
and delete Earth,
he'd still be around today.
(Pandoll)
I do not agree
with that conclusion.
Hmm.
According
to my analysis,
even if Gore did not
defeat Earth,
Bohman would have
absorbed him anyway.
How do you know?
Because I am Pandor...
an AI created
to defeat the Ignis.
Sounds to me like
somebody's core programming
is glitching out.
And Gore, one AI chip
in your brain's not good enough?
You need another one
in your Duel Disk?
Hey!
I had the chip removed.
Oh?
Implantin' that thing
in my brain
was the dumbest thing...
I ever did.
I sold everyone out
cuz I only cared about winnin',
and I couldn't even do that.
And when I finally woke up,
I was sure I had
nothing left in my life,
but I was wrong.
I may have turned
my backs on them,
but they never turned
their backs on me.
And that's when I realized
that all the time
I was chasin' after a win,
I already had a bunch
of winners at home.
So I'm no longer
dueling for myself
or stuff that ain't
worth nuthin'!
But what I am duelin' for
is to protect
those that I care about!
And since you're aimin' to truck
all over them with your schemes,
I'm the roadblock...
that's stopping you
in your tracks!
Even if you say you've had
a change of heart, Gore,
you can't change the past.
And the past still says
that it's your fault
that Earth is gone.
(Both)
Time to duel!
I'm goin' first!
I summon GOUKI SUPREX!
What?
You're playing your old deck?
Exactly, and you wanna know why?
Cuz those were the times when
the Gore was really the Gore!
Now then,
by summonin' SUPREX
I also get to summon
GOUKI RISCORPIO!
And I'll use 'em
to mash up my circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 GOUKI JET OGRE!
By sending GOUKI SUPREX
and GOUKI RISCORPIO
to the graveyard,
their abilities let me draw
two GOUKI cards from my deck.
Next up, I activate
GOUKI RE-MATCH!
It bounces both SUPREX
and RISCORPIO back to the ring!
Then I'll Link Summon!
Link 3 GOUKI THUNDER OGRE!
THUNDER OGRE's ability
lets me summon a monster
next to its link,
so I'm bringing out
another SUPREX!
And SUPREX's ability
lets me summon
another GOUKI from my hand!
GOUKI TWISTCOBRA!
That lets me mash up
my circuit again!
I set GOUKI TWISTCOBRA
and GOUKI THUNDER OGRE
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 4 GOUKI THE MASTER OGRE!
Then my TWISTCOBRA's ability
activates from my graveyard.
I get to draw
a GOUKI from my deck.
And that ends my turn, Ai.
I gotta admit I'm impressed.
The last time you
summoned MASTER OGRE...
it took you
until your third turn,
but this time you nailed it
on your first.
Looks like you've
been training your mind
and not just your biceps!
I'll start by summoning
PIKARI @IGNISTER.
When PIKARI is
successfully summoned,
I get to draw IGNISTER A.I.LAND
from my deck.
Slow your roll there!
Cuz I'm putting
the brakes on that!
When my MASTER OGRE
is linked to a GOUKI,
I can return
that GOUKI to my hand
to negate your monster's
special abilities!
So I call back SUPREX
to negate your PIKARI!
Ya like that?
(grunts)
(Pandoll)
It is clear
by his facial expression
that he did not like that.
You're right.
However...
I'm sure gonna like this!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 LINGURIBOH!
And doing so triggers
HIYARI @IGNISTER's ability!
When I have a Link Monster
relaxing in the
Extra Monster Zone,
I can summon HIYARI
in my Main Monster Zone
next to its link.
And since I now have
an @IGNISTER
in my Main Monster Zone,
DOSHIN @IGNISTER's
ability activates,
summoning itself from my hand!
Like this!
That gives me the three monsters
I need to create my circuit!
Finally, it is time
to unleash a monster
forged from the darkest
depths of the shadows,
striking fear into all who
witness its majestic might!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 DARK TEMPLAR @IGNISTER!
Link 3?
I gotta admit,
that monster ain't too low
on the shabby scale.
I know.
I place one card facedown.
It's time.
DARK TEMPLAR,
attack MASTER OGRE!
Yeah?
Whatcha up to?
Cuz your DARK TEMPLAR
has less attack points
than my MASTER OGRE.
Yes, you're right, Gore.
That totally means
I'm up to something, but what?
I don't know what you're
plannin' to do,
so I'll plan for everything!
Now, I activate
GOUKI IRON CLAW's
special ability from my hand!
By sending this card
to the graveyard,
MASTER OGRE not only gains
500 attack points,
it's it can't be affected
by your cards this turn!
Go! Strike 'em down!
As if!
I activate my spell card!
Go, TA.I. STRIKE!
This spell makes
my @IGNISTER's attack points
become the same
as the monster it's battling!
What?
And when our monsters
are destroyed,
we each take damage
equal to our own monster's
original attack points.
That's gotta sting.
You're willin' to get
hurt to hurt me?
(grunts)
(laughs)
What?
Why isn't your monster
destroyed?
Easy.
It can't be destroyed
by a monster
with the same attack points.
See?
I don't need to hurt
myself to hurt you.
I mean, why would I do that?
That's just all sorts of crazy.
But there's nothing crazy
about my next move.
When DARK TEMPLAR destroys
your monster in battle,
I can revive an @IGNISTER
from my graveyard
and summon it next to its link.
So welcome back, PIKARI!
But it's looking
a little lonely.
So I'll invite another friend
back to this party.
When a monster is summoned
next to DARK TEMPLAR's link,
I can resummon Level 4
@IGNISTERS from my graveyard
by negating
their special abilities.
So say "hey" to DOSHIN.
PIKARI's ability lets me draw
IGNISTER A.I.LAND from my deck.
With that I end my turn.
Feeling salty 'cause
you're losing?
Like that single sweat
on your cheek?
You keep yappin' that yap.
Just becuz you're ahead o' me
doesn't mean you're winnin'!
(Ai)
Actually, that's exactly
what it means.
(Gore grunts)
Whatever!
Then I'm rewritin'
the dictionary!
And you'll see
my face
right next to the
definition of champion!
Aah!
♪♪♪